Introduction/README.md, before:

# Introduction
This section covers the fundamentals of being a software engineer and some misconceptions regarding what being a software engineer is like. No programming is required for this section.

## What *is* a Software Engineer
Knowing what a software engineer is or what a software engineer even does, we first need to know what the words "software" and "engineer" really mean. 

Let's start with word *software*. To understand what *software* is, we need to know what *hardware* is. **Hardware** is any **physical component** of any *digital device* (i.e. a computer, a smartphone, a printer, a gaming console, etc.). This includes your computer's monitor, motherboard, keyboard, mouse, hard drive, and so on. Anything you could physically hold (ideally when the device isn't on as you could get burnt from some of the components) is hardware.

**Software**, on the other hand, is the **non-physical** parts of the computer that you can interact with. This includes your *operating system*, *apps on your phone*, *video games* that you play, any *piece of code* you have written, your *web browser*, and *websites* you go to. *Anything* on your computer or phone that *isn't* physical counts as software, and this is the kind of stuff software engineers deal with. Thus, **you shouldn't ask a software engineer to fix your broken printer**, as that is like asking a *plumber* to fix your *phone camera*. 

Now, what is an *engineer*. **Engineer** is someone who **solves real-world problems** using science and mathematics. Engineers ensure that their solution to the problem is the best fit given the constraints and standards it has to adhere to, which ensures that quality of life of anyone who uses the solution isn't negatively affected while also making the solution feasible to implement. While there will be some problems with the solution, the engineer tries to make sure those problems aren't life-threatening or potentially lead to the solution being more of problem than a solution. There are countless branches of engineering, each specializing in specific aspects of our daily life. 

Bringing two the words together, a **software engineer** is an engineer who solves real-world problems by creating or modifying software. If you want the video game you made to use less RAM or speed up performance, then get a software engineer. If you want to ensure that the code for a pacemaker doesn't lead to someone potentially dying due to an error in the code, get a software engineer. If you want your space probe program to still operate even if one of the components of the probe are broken, then a software engineer would be useful. Software engineers are problem-solvers and solve problems using software, which is why they [usually get paid pretty well](https://www.glassdoor.com/Salaries/software-engineer-salary-SRCH_KO0,17.htm). 

## Misconceptions
You might have preconceived notions of software engineers or even just engineers or programmers in general, and there is a good chance you might have misconceptions regarding some aspects of the field. My goal is to help break those misconceptions so you don't do dumb mistakes that could negatively affect your performance and the quality of your resulting solution. So, Here is a section dedicated to breaking misconceptions down. Enjoy!

### Misconception 1 - Asking for help means you are not a *true* engineer. 
There is this notion that engineers and problem solvers are meant to be able to solve problems entirely on their own, and asking for help means you are too stupid to come up with a solution on your own and thus "less of an engineer". The word "engineer" *does* originate from the Latin word for "cleverness", *after all*, so if you are struggling to solve the problem on your own, you are most likely too stupid to be an engineer - *right?*

Well, *no*, actually.

Due to how fast technology is advancing and how there is so much one can learn about programming or software, software engineers are often specialized in a specific subfield. There are software engineers out there who are better at optimizing memory usage and storage while there are software engineers who are better at making code and data secure and resistant to corruption. Due to this, you are not actually expected to know *everything*, and asking help could not only save time, but also help make the solution better than if you wasted hours fixing the problem on your own. We are all human and we could end up making mistakes that an expert on the problem you are trying to solve would have pointed out. 

In other words, asking for help is *actually* the **smartest thing you can do**. Also, the whole point of an engineer is to *solve problems*, and if asking for help gets you closer to solving that problem, then *do it*! Don't be scared of being seen as stupid as you aren't.

Commit message:

Added more information to "Introduction" README.md

Introduction/README.md, after:

# Introduction
This section covers the fundamentals of being a software engineer and some misconceptions regarding what being a software engineer is like. No programming is required for this section.

## What *is* a Software Engineer
Knowing what a software engineer is or what a software engineer even does, we first need to know what the words "software" and "engineer" really mean. 

Let's start with word *software*. To understand what *software* is, we need to know what *hardware* is. **Hardware** is any **physical component** of any *digital device* (i.e. a computer, a smartphone, a printer, a gaming console, etc.). This includes your computer's monitor, motherboard, keyboard, mouse, hard drive, and so on. Anything you could physically hold (ideally when the device isn't on as you could get burnt from some of the components) is hardware.

**Software**, on the other hand, is the **non-physical** parts of the computer that you can interact with. This includes your *operating system*, *apps on your phone*, *video games* that you play, any *piece of code* you have written, your *web browser*, and *websites* you go to. *Anything* on your computer or phone that *isn't* physical counts as software, and this is the kind of stuff software engineers deal with. Thus, **you shouldn't ask a software engineer to fix your broken printer**, as that is like asking a *plumber* to fix your *phone camera*. 

Now, what is an *engineer*. **Engineer** is someone who **solves real-world problems** using science and mathematics. Engineers ensure that their solution to the problem is the best fit given the constraints and standards it has to adhere to, which ensures that quality of life of anyone who uses the solution isn't negatively affected while also making the solution feasible to implement. While there will be some problems with the solution, the engineer tries to make sure those problems aren't life-threatening or potentially lead to the solution being more of problem than a solution. There are countless branches of engineering, each specializing in specific aspects of our daily life. 

Bringing two the words together, a **software engineer** is an engineer who solves real-world problems by creating or modifying software. If you want the video game you made to use less RAM or speed up performance, then get a software engineer. If you want to ensure that the code for a pacemaker doesn't lead to someone potentially dying due to an error in the code, get a software engineer. If you want your space probe program to still operate even if one of the components of the probe are broken, then a software engineer would be useful. Software engineers are problem-solvers and solve problems using software, which is why they [usually get paid pretty well](https://www.glassdoor.com/Salaries/software-engineer-salary-SRCH_KO0,17.htm). 

## Misconceptions
You might have preconceived notions of software engineers or even just engineers or programmers in general, and there is a good chance you might have misconceptions regarding some aspects of the field. My goal is to help break those misconceptions so you don't do dumb mistakes that could negatively affect your performance and the quality of your resulting solution. So, Here is a section dedicated to breaking misconceptions down. Enjoy!

### Misconception 1 - Asking for help means you are not a *true* engineer. 
There is this notion that engineers and problem solvers are meant to be able to solve problems entirely on their own, and asking for help means you are too stupid to come up with a solution on your own and thus "less of an engineer". The word "engineer" *does* originate from the Latin word for "cleverness", *after all*, so if you are struggling to solve the problem on your own, you are most likely too stupid to be an engineer - *right?*

Well, *no*, actually.

Due to how fast technology is advancing and how there is so much one can learn about programming or software, software engineers are often specialized in a specific subfield. There are software engineers out there who are better at optimizing memory usage and storage while there are software engineers who are better at making code and data secure and resistant to corruption. Due to this, you are not actually expected to know *everything*, and asking help could not only save time, but also help make the solution better than if you wasted hours fixing the problem on your own. We are all human and we could end up making mistakes that an expert on the problem you are trying to solve would have pointed out. 

In other words, asking for help is *actually* the **smartest thing you can do**. Also, the whole point of an engineer is to *solve problems*, and if asking for help gets you closer to solving that problem, then *do it*! Don't be scared of being seen as stupid for asking questions.

### Misconception 2 - Software Engineering is all about Coding
It is very easy to think that Software Engineers are just programmers that are specialize to solve problems, but there is much more to that. For one, you need to have good communication and project management skills - both of which are actually the main topics of some of the classes I had to take in community college and then later in university. While coding is very important, being able to communicate clearly, manage projects, and getting stuff done is just as important. 

### Misconception 3 - Software Engineers are "Lone-Rangers"
This ties in with the previous misconception; Since Software Engineers are just seen as programmers, it is easy to assume that they do stuff just by themselves with much interaction. Well, that isn't entirely true either, as you will usually be working as a team with other programmers or software engineers on a project (hence you need to have good communication and project management skills, as mentioned previously). There might be some situations where you are primarily working by yourself, but generally you are working as a team with others. Thus, if you are the kind of person who struggles to communicate clearly or generally do not like interacting with others, then Software Engineering is not for you. 

## What *Should* You Do If You Want To Be A Software Engineer?
Going to college to get a Software Engineering (or Computer Science if that isn't available) degree and doing Software Engineering internships to get work experience are the two key things you should do if you want to be a Software Engineer. This entire GitHub repository is meant to help you regarding both, primarily what you will learn in college/university. 

However, here are some other things that will definite help you on your journey:

### 1. Be Curious
The willingness to learn new things, even after you are done with school, is the most important things to have, not only for Software Engineering but life in general. Since technology is constantly changing and there are trends that will come and go regarding software or hardware, it is important to be curious as it will allow you to stay on top of the curve.

### 2. Don't Let Failure Stop You
Due to how school is structured, it seems like failure is not an option, as a failing grade could potentially mean the difference between you getting into a good university or dropping out and forced to work at McDonalds to make ends meet. However, to foster creativity - which is a good trait any engineer should have - failure is needed so you can learn from it and do things better the next time. Even if it is hard, remember that your failures do not define you, but how you react to them.
